Chiyoung did one year at Royal Academy.
mmm........
ohh!
You know, this is so off topic, but you know like our
the TA that we don't like for musicianship.
***
I saw her Instagram bio. It popped up on my suggestion. She went and drew that for undergrad.
Huha
studying under Dr. Ian Krauss.
No competition
Yeah. I didn't know either until I was like wait I know this person and then I looked on her bio and then
Julia she graduated. Right
yeah
Yeah? That's true.
That's true, but yeah, no. She's Juilliard 24.
She just graduated last year.
yeah
But he's way cooler, way cooler. He's way cooler.
ha huhuha. Yeah, she is dual***
I didn't know either
mm mm m
I mean, because it's like, yeah, people like for for us, like I wanted to live in New York.
ch ah beautiful
Boston is nice. I've been once.
yeah, ch yeah.
Huuha, Yeah, and like
I want to try living in New York. Yeah
yeah
Have to make it a Julia first. Or MSM.
Did Anle graduated?. Good
It's from here, I think. I think it's one of the CSUs.
*** feel like one of those schools feed into here.
yeah
what do you say?
okay
ohhh....
easy
ahh we should get their phone huhhahah
Next year following you
Never.
mm
Oh well
I see
I didn't know they had like super good professors.
good
Yeah, yeah, yeah
oh
wow
ohhh...
mm mm m m mm
yeah
I see.